at the end of a century ravaged by
violence a society of perfect order will
arise criminals will be frozen and
reprogrammed in cryogenic prisons the
prisoners are ice kill their criminal
instincts are being reprogrammed as they
sleep aggression and deviant behavior
will be totally eliminated
he's a criminal the likes of which you
have never seen in a bad time he was the
worst I'm gonna love run in his place
but in the year 2032
this morning Simon Phoenix escaped from
this cryo facility we are why frankly
not equipped to deal with the situation
midst a world of peace and calm we're
police officers
we're trained for this kind of violence
how is the fiendish Simon Phoenix
apprehended back in the 20th John
Spartan you mean the demolition man the
conditions of your parole are full
reinstatement into the SAPD and
immediate assignment to the apprehension
of Simon Phoenix two mortal enemies to
drop in to say hi another time passes
over time tapas on the new roof
unleashed on a future that isn't big
enough for the both of them
Sylvester Stallone Wesley Snipes
demolition man